#summary Commercial sites that use sprout/rupy.
#labels Featured

To host a rupy/sprout site you need a server provider that can meet the following [http://code.google.com/p/sprout/wiki/Hosting hosting] requirements.

Singel _was a valentines day campaign site for Swedish match-making site [http://www.spraydate.se Spraydate]._

  * Production: Three people for one week full-time.
  * Statistics: ~10000 pageviews and ~5 GB of data transfered; per day.
  * Performance: CPU usage on server is average 2.14% of which most is MySQL, heap footprint is ~1 MB.

  While fairly simple and without heavy load, this pilot project has proved the speed, agility and robustness of sprout in a commercial production with short deadline.

[http://www.hemlistan.se Hemlistan] _is a real-estate scraper/spider/crawler that aggregates swedens monopoly housing site [http://www.hemnet.se Hemnet]._

  * Production: One person for one week full-time.

  The production value on this project is high, it took me one week to build something that others have built companies around: [http://www.bovision.se Bovision], [http://www.booli.se Booli], [http://www.boliga.se Boliga].

[http://www.facebook.com/pages/Tentacle/300241690023333 Tentacle] _is a social bookmarking application._

  * Production: One person for four weeks full-time.

  The integration to facebook was very easy to setup using rupy.

[http://www.pixboom.com Pixboom] _An image tagging solution._

  * Production: Three people for a month full-time.
  * Statistics: ~40000 hits per day and growing.
  * Performance: Load average is 0.0% on an AWS small EC2.

[http://www.huxville.com Huxville] _A MMO game for kids._

  * Runs rupy 0.4.4 standalone on a cluster of 10 independent servers with 50 threads.
  * Serves the ~50MB large flash 3D client to ~200 concurrent users with ~10%CPU as fast as the customers connection can deliver it with a AWS micro instance.
  * *CPU IO wait is _none_ for the rupy process.*
  * *Memory usage is really low ~32MB!*